README.md, before:

# Astro starter theme to build a headless ecommerce website with Shopify

The theme is built with Svelte but you can use any framework you like (React, Vue, Solid etc.) thanks to Astro.
Tailwind UI free components are used for the design.

![astro_shopify_preview](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/10447155/214480671-8380f410-cbfb-4f53-a6bb-5c744073e2f2.jpg)

## 🧑‍🚀 Where to start

1. Create a `.env` file based on `.env.example` with your Shopify store url and your public and private access tokens
2. The credentials are used inside the `/utils/config.ts` file, you can update the API version there
3. Run `npm install` or `yarn` or `pnpm install`
4. Run `npm run dev` or `yarn run dev` or `pnpm run dev`

## Shopify Configuration Guide

- Create a new account or use an existing one. https://accounts.shopify.com/store-login
- Add the [Shopify Headless channel](https://apps.shopify.com/headless) to your store
- Click on `Add Storefront`
- Copy/Paste your `public` and `private` access tokens to your .env file
- Next, check Storefront API access scopes
  - `unauthenticated_read_product_listings` and `unauthenticated_read_product_inventory` access should be fine to get you started.
  - Add more scopes if you require additional permissions.

### Shopify Troubleshooting

- If you encounter an error like `error code 401` you likely didn't set this up correctly. Revisit your scopes and be sure add at least one test product. Also make sure you are using the `Storefront API` and not the `Admin API` as the endpoints and scopes are different.
- If you do not see a checkout sidebar, or if it is empty after adding a product, you need to add an image to your test product.

## 🚀 Project Structure

Inside the project, you'll see the following folders and files:

```
/
├── public/
├── src/
│   └── components/
│       └── Header.astro
│   └── layouts/
│       └── BaseLayout.astro
│   └── pages/
│       └── index.astro
│   └── stores/
│       └── cart.ts
│   └── styles/
│       └── global.css
│   └── utils/
│       └── shopify.ts
└── package.json
```

Astro looks for `.astro` or `.md` files in the `src/pages/` directory. Each page is exposed as a route based on its file name.

There's nothing special about `src/components/`, but that's where we like to put any Astro/React/Vue/Svelte/Preact components.

Any static assets, like images, can be placed in the `public/` directory.

## 🧞 Commands

All commands are run from the root of the project, from a terminal:

| Command                | Action                                           |
| :--------------------- | :----------------------------------------------- |
| `npm install`          | Installs dependencies                            |
| `npm run dev`          | Starts local dev server at `localhost:3000`      |
| `npm run build`        | Build your production site to `./dist/`          |
| `npm run preview`      | Preview your build locally, before deploying     |
| `npm run astro ...`    | Run CLI commands like `astro add`, `astro check` |
| `npm run astro --help` | Get help using the Astro CLI                     |

## ⚡️ Lighthouse
![lighthouse_astro_shopify](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/10447155/214448698-ce2a1ef6-6fbd-4fca-b8b6-c5194b72a15b.jpg)

Commit message:

Update Astro starter theme with pagination and updated dependencies

README.md, after:

# Astro starter theme to build a headless ecommerce website with Shopify

The theme is built with Svelte but you can use any framework you like (React, Vue, Solid etc.) thanks to Astro.
Tailwind UI free components are used for the design. All credit should go to ThomasKn as he built the original theme. All I did was update it to the latest version of Astro and Tailwind UI and added a few features. The original repo can be found here https://github.com/thomasKn/astro-shopify

![astro_shopify_preview](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/10447155/214480671-8380f410-cbfb-4f53-a6bb-5c744073e2f2.jpg)

## ⚙️ 2024 Changes 

1. Removed the 250 products limit by using pagination. There is an optional "limit" prop if you want to reduce the number of products per page.
2. Updated all packages and dependencies to the latest version. 
3. Added a "loading" state to the cart button when adding a product to the cart.

## 🧑‍🚀 Where to start

1. Create a `.env` file based on `.env.example` with your Shopify store url and your public and private access tokens
2. The credentials are used inside the `/utils/config.ts` file, you can update the API version there
3. Run `npm install` or `yarn` or `pnpm install`
4. Run `npm run dev` or `yarn run dev` or `pnpm run dev`

## Shopify Configuration Guide

- Create a new account or use an existing one. https://accounts.shopify.com/store-login
- Add the [Shopify Headless channel](https://apps.shopify.com/headless) to your store
- Click on `Add Storefront`
- Copy/Paste your `public` and `private` access tokens to your .env file
- Next, check Storefront API access scopes
  - `unauthenticated_read_product_listings` and `unauthenticated_read_product_inventory` access should be fine to get you started.
  - Add more scopes if you require additional permissions.

### Shopify Troubleshooting

- If you encounter an error like `error code 401` you likely didn't set this up correctly. Revisit your scopes and be sure add at least one test product. Also make sure you are using the `Storefront API` and not the `Admin API` as the endpoints and scopes are different.
- If you do not see a checkout sidebar, or if it is empty after adding a product, you need to add an image to your test product.

## 🚀 Project Structure

Inside the project, you'll see the following folders and files:

```
/
├── public/
├── src/
│   └── components/
│       └── Header.astro
│   └── layouts/
│       └── BaseLayout.astro
│   └── pages/
│       └── index.astro
│   └── stores/
│       └── cart.ts
│   └── styles/
│       └── global.css
│   └── utils/
│       └── shopify.ts
└── package.json
```

Astro looks for `.astro` or `.md` files in the `src/pages/` directory. Each page is exposed as a route based on its file name.

There's nothing special about `src/components/`, but that's where we like to put any Astro/React/Vue/Svelte/Preact components.

Any static assets, like images, can be placed in the `public/` directory.

## 🧞 Commands

All commands are run from the root of the project, from a terminal:

| Command                | Action                                           |
| :--------------------- | :----------------------------------------------- |
| `npm install`          | Installs dependencies                            |
| `npm run dev`          | Starts local dev server at `localhost:3000`      |
| `npm run build`        | Build your production site to `./dist/`          |
| `npm run preview`      | Preview your build locally, before deploying     |
| `npm run astro ...`    | Run CLI commands like `astro add`, `astro check` |
| `npm run astro --help` | Get help using the Astro CLI                     |

## ⚡️ Lighthouse
![lighthouse_astro_shopify](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/10447155/214448698-ce2a1ef6-6fbd-4fca-b8b6-c5194b72a15b.jpg)
